feat(talos): update doc to include new disk management in 1.10.x (#1135)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.10.0/advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/talos-linux-support.md

> Talos Linux v1.7.x and earlier versions do not include the `uio_pci_generic` kernel module. If your system device supports `vfio_pci`, which is the preferred kernel module for SPDK application deployment, you are not required to install and enable the `uio_pci_generic` kernel driver. For more information, see [System Configuration User Guide](https://spdk.io/doc/system_configuration.html) in the SPDK documentation.
>
> You can use `uio_pci_generic` if `vfio_pci` is incompatible with your system or specific hardware. Future versions of Talos Linux are expected to include native support for `uio_pci_generic`. For more information, see [Issue #9236](https://github.com/siderolabs/talos/issues/9236).

> > Since 1.8.0 `uio_pci_generic` is now supported.

Reviewer: Can you combine the two items 
```
> You can use `uio_pci_generic` if `vfio_pci` is incompatible with your system or specific hardware. Future versions of Talos Linux are expected to include native support for `uio_pci_generic`. For more information, see [Issue #9236](https://github.com/siderolabs/talos/issues/9236).
> Since 1.8.0 `uio_pci_generic` is now supported.
```

1. On the **Edit Node and Disks** page, add a disk and configure the following settings:

   - **Path**: Specify `/var/lib/longhorn/`.
   - **Storage Reserved**: Specify a value that matches your requirements. The default value is **30 Gi**.
   - **Scheduling**: Select **Enable**.

1. Click **Save**.

Longhorn synchronizes the replicas based on the configured settings.

### After v1.8.x

> The `--preserve` is no longer required, the flash if automatically set for `talosctl upgrade` command. [here](https://www.talos.dev/v1.8/introduction/what-is-new/#upgrades)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `--preserve` is no longer required. The flag is automatically set for `talosctl upgrade` command. [here](https://www.talos.dev/v1.8/introduction/what-is-new/#upgrades)
```

> ## Talos Linux Version After to v1.10.x

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Talos Linux Version v1.10.x and Later
```

### Data Path Mounts

> Because Talos Linyux deprecated `.machine.disks` we recomend using `UserVolumeConfig` to mount a disk for Longhorn.[what's new in talos v1.10](https://www.talos.dev/v1.10/introduction/what-is-new/#user-volumes)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because Talos Linux deprecated `.machine.disks` we recommend using `UserVolumeConfig` to mount a disk for Longhorn.[What's new in talos v1.10](https://www.talos.dev/v1.10/introduction/what-is-new/#user-volumes)
```

> Because Talos Linux deprecated `.machine.disks` we recommend using `UserVolumeConfig` to mount a disk for Longhorn. See the [What's new in Talos v1.10](https://www.talos.dev/v1.10/introduction/what-is-new/#user-volumes) for more details.

Reviewer 3: Could you shed some light on where Longhorn uses .machine.disks to configure Talos? Sorry, but I couldn't find it in the documentation.

Author: `machine.disk` is deprecated since 1.10 check here 
https://www.talos.dev/v1.10/introduction/what-is-new/#user-volumes

> You can optionnaly create also a `VolumeConfig` to specify size of Talos System volumes which is _recommened_, like this we avoid the set `defaultSettings.storageReservedPercentageForDefaultDisk`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can optionally create also a `VolumeConfig` to specify the size of Talos System volumes, which is _recommended_, like this we avoid the set `defaultSettings.storageReservedPercentageForDefaultDisk`.
```

> You can optionally create also a `VolumeConfig` to specify the size of Talos System volumes, which is _recommended_, like this we avoid the set `defaultSettings.storageReservedPercentageForDefaultDisk`.

Reviewer: Do you mean Longhorn should use the user volumes rather than system volumes?

> More options of disk configuration can be found in the [Talos documentation](https://www.talos.dev/v1.10/talos-guides/configuration/disk-management/#disk-layout).

You need provide additional data path mounts to be accessible to the Kubernetes Kubelet container.

These mounts are necessary to provide access to the host directories, and attach volumes required by Longhorn components.

```yaml
machine:
  kubelet:
    extraMounts:
      - destination: /var/mnt/longhorn
        type: bind
        source: /var/mnt/longhorn
        options:
          - bind
          - rshared
          - rw
```

> You need to create a `UserVolumeConfig` to mount the disk for Longhorn, wich will be auitomatically mounted to `/var/mnt/longhorn` on configured node.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You need to create a `UserVolumeConfig` to mount the disk for Longhorn, which will be automatically mounted to `/var/mnt/longhorn` on the configured node.
```

```
apiVersion: v1alpha1
kind: UserVolumeConfig
name: longhorn # name is used to identify the volume /var/mnt/<name>
provisioning:
  diskSelector:
    match: disk.transport == "nvme"
  grow: false
  maxSize: 1700GB
```

> For detailed instructions, about `UserVolumeConfig` and `VolumeConfig`, see the Talos documentation on [Block configuration](https://www.talos.dev/v1.10/reference/configuration/block/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on `UserVolumeConfig` and `VolumeConfig`, see the Talos documentation on [Block configuration](https://www.talos.dev/v1.10/reference/configuration/block/)
```
